feat(curriculum): adding content to events review page (#57264)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/review-javascript-events/6723cc0ca05ce9b87a319ceb.md

Review the concepts below to prepare for the upcoming quiz.

## The Change Event

- **Definition**: The change event is a special event which is fired when the user modifies the value of certain input elements. Examples would include when a checkbox or a radio button is ticked. Or when the user makes a selection from something like a date picker or dropdown menu.

```html
<label>
  Choose a programming language:
  <select class="language" name="language">
    <option value="">---Select One---</option>
    <option value="JavaScript">JavaScript</option>
    <option value="Python">Python</option>
    <option value="C++">C++</option>
  </select>
</label>

<p class="result"></p>
```

```js 
const selectEl = document.querySelector(".language");
const result = document.querySelector(".result");

selectEl.addEventListener("change", (e) => {
  result.textContent = `You enjoy programming in ${e.target.value}.`;
});
```

## Event Bubbling

- **Definition**: Event bubbling, or propagation, refers to how an event “bubbles up” to parent objects when triggered.

## Event Delegation

> - **Definition**: Event delegation is the process of taking a captured event, and delegating it to another element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Definition**: Event delegation is the process of listening to events that have bubbled up to a parent, rather than handling them directly on the element that triggered them. 
```
It's a bit more verbose, but I think this should clarify exactly event delegation is.
